Welcome back. friends.
to the final season of Big Mouth.
Tickets.
Get your homecoming dance tickets.
By the fourth week of high school.
it was nearly homecoming time.
Rah. rah! And ultimately.
like. sis boom bah.
And the Big Mouth gang
had settled into their new friend groups.
-Connie. did we get a British narrator?
-No. baby.
You're just zooted on that woowoo.
Hell yeah. I am.
Everyone had found their tribe.
Push. That's it. that's it. Whoa!
It comes outta that hole?
Well. except for Andrew Glouberman.
who desperately missed
his best friend Nick.
who was at a new school
with his new best friend.
Andrew Rubenfeld.
He's Nick. and I'm Andrew.
and this is the salad dressing challenge.
-It's so vinegary.
-Oh. Nick!
I think I have an herb
caught in my throat.
This is incredible content.
And then Andrew dared me
to swallow a crouton like a pill.
I mean. the boy had me burping blood.
"The boy" sounds like a raging asshole.
Oh. come on. You're just saying that
because you don't know him.
We don't wanna know him.
He's a fuckin' piece of shit.
and we hope he fucking dies.
-You're not wrong. but play it cool.
-I'm being cool. Oh my God.
You know what?
We should all hang out together.
Open up the friendship.
Nick and the Andrews.
-Oh shit.
-What?
-He wants a buddy boy throuple.
-Ah!
And you're in the least powerful position.
Right. 'cause they see each other
every day at school.
You'll end up squattin' in the corner.
playin' with your fat little piglet
while they share inside jokes.
I'll be a friendship cuck.
But if you say no. they'll just
hang out together without you.
Ow!
-He'll replace you completely!
-Oh.
Andrew was rapidly developing
a full-blown case of FOMO.
Oh God.
"Fear of missing out."
-Ah! Nick. I'll be part of your throuple.
-What?
I'll be a good cuck.
sit on the bed and watch.
That's not at all what I was asking.
-Yeah. I'll play with my fat little dick.
-Ew.
-I won't make a sound.
-He'll be so quiet!
I'm going through changes
Oh. in my life
Oh!
Ooh. ooh
Dear Evan Hansen
What does your dick look like?
We really. really. really want to know
Matthew was also settling in
nicely with his new friend group.
the B-High Quee-Choi.
A very cool. very experienced crew.
Girl. this weekend.
I got the worst head of my life.
Oh my God.
Did he use too much teeth?
Even worse. He had the scared eyes.
It's like. "Relax. bitch.
It's just a dick."
Quick. say something. Matt.
so they don't think you're a mouth virgin.
Oh yeah. It's like. you know.
just put your mouth on it and take a sip.
Uh. what did you say?
You know. crack open a cold one.
Oh. honey.
Oh God. You're so behind!
Maybe we shouldn't talk about blow jobs
in front of the baby.
Ow!
Nobody wants to hook up with a baby.
except the wrong kind of people.
These older kids are doing so much.
and I'm not doing anything.
-Oh crap.
-What?
You have homo FOMO.
Ow!
Will you fucking stop that?
Oh no! Did I use too much teeth?
Do I have scared eyes?
Hey. Matthew.
You need a frozen sponge for your boo-boo?
Coach Steve.
you came to high school with us?
Oh yeah.
Y… you know. I'm a fan favorite.
so I'm actually
School Nurse Coach Steve now.
-Of course you are.
-Here. check this out.
-Someone get the school nurse.
-Oh boy.
As for Missy.
she had enjoyed her first week
of homeschooling.
All right. goggles on. Missy.
Safety goggles? Check.
How do you say "plate" in español?
But then she quickly grew tired
of her father and his relentless lessons.
Missy. if you're going number two
in there.
what is the square root
of what you're doing?
-Oh. shut the fuck up. Cyrus!
-1.414.
Correct!
Jessi. on the other hand.
was having a much different experience.
I'm telling you. Missy.
real school is so rad.
Well. uh. my school's real.
-It… It's just--
-Boring as all fuck!
And my friend group is. like. so chill.
Like. we're going to the homecoming dance.
but. like. totally ironically.
And don't forget to tell her about Camden.
Oh. and there's. like. this guy. Camden?
He makes your nipples go boom
and shakalaka.
I guess I'm talking about him
with question marks because he's so hot?
Oh! We want a boy who twists your labia
into a question mark too.
That is not what she said.
Well. it's what I heard.
Oh shit. That's my ride. I gotta run.
Oh. I'll talk to you. uh. soon.
Ah! Everyone's having fun
at real school but you!
Ow!
It seemed FOMO
was quickly becoming an epidemic.
So. yeah. uh. this is the basement.
or as I like to call it. "the boy cave."
Ooh. Kinda sounds like
a child's asshole. but okay.
-Andrew.
-What? I said. "But okay."
And this is the screening room.
complete with a vintage popcorn machine.
Oh. vintage. Wow. You know what else
is vintage is racism. So think about that.
Yes! Way to weaponize social justice.
Um… Hey. your cat is. like.
really staring at me.
Ah. just ignore Mr. Pink. He's a dick.
Yeah. but honestly. aren't all cats dicks?
-Yes! Thank you. Fuck cats. man.
-Yeah.
Oh God! Now they're bonding over
how unequivocally shitty cats are.
Hey. Glouberman.
can I get you a European soda?
Oh… you… you don't have to
call me Glouberman.
Well. there are two Andrews.
And plus. you're just
such a Glouberman. right?
Please don't… don't say my name like that.
Come on. You really are a Glouberman.
Ah! They're ganging up on you.
-And it's feeling anti-Semitic?
-Do something!
Maybe get your friends
in the media to help you?
Oh. Nick. you… would you wanna go
to the homecoming dance with me on Friday?
Are you asking him out on a date?
No! It's a buddy boy hangout with dancing.
-Can Andrew come too?
-Well. uh… uh. yeah.
Yeah. it's not a date.
and Other Andrew could come.
Nice. Oh…
But I just remembered.
my dad's client got us floor seats
for the Knicks on Friday.
No way!
Whoa! Screw the dance.
Let's go to the Knick game.
Yeah. but the thing is.
mm. there's only two tickets.
Oh. I see.
But you understand. right. Andrew?
I mean. floor seats?
Of cour… of course.
You… you have fun without me.
Oh. they definitely will.
Weird cat. don't look at me.
Matthew. we can't let
your homo FOMO go untreated.
-I don't love that term.
-Well. I do.
And there's only one cure
for your homo FOMO. my friend.
-You gotta suck some D.
-What? Are you out of your mind?
Matthew's never even given a hand job.
And a blow job? That's a real huge deal.
But you're 15.
It's time to dive into the deep end.
-I wouldn't even know how.
-You're "far from the shallow now".
Maurice. do not drag Lady Gaga into this.
But aren't you even a little bit curious?
Well. I mean. of course.
it could be exciting and sexy.
But it could also be scary and weird.
Oh. Matt. I hear you.
Every journey has its challenges
Some problems we must lick
But you've got heart and talent
And a nice broad palate
I know you can suck a dick
What if I don't do it right?
Any boy would be tickled pink
What if I choke. gag. or bite?
To have your lips on his dink
Maybe I should wait another year
Or do you really think I can do it?
This is your time to shine
Well. ready or not
I'm gonna take my shot
Just gotta put my head down
And get to it
Maybe I can do it
Why. yes. by God
I'm gonna do it
He's gonna do it
Gonna get a mouthful of manhood
Mouthful of manhood
I'm gonna swallow the fear and doubt
Got no more time to waste
There's cock to taste
And this guy's gonna seek one out
I'm gonna take the plunge
Diving in all the way
I'm hot and horny
Young and gay
I'm gonna do it
I'm gonna suck a dick
Mouthful of manhood
Thank you. Costa Mesa.
So. for your essay.
you'll need a thesis statement
regarding whether or not
you think I wear the radish bra.
Which. of course. I do not.
Ugh! This is absolute torture.
You're missing out
on a quintessential part of growing up.
-And he obviously wears the bra.
-I don't know what to believe anymore!
Missy. you must tell him you need
to go to real school with other kids.
But those high school kids
are big and scary.
And you're just an innocent little girl.
How dare you? She's a massive horndog.
Yeah. and this dog
needs to be let off the leash
and… and sniff some teenage butt.
That's right. Who's a good girl?
I am. Woof. woof. fothermucker.
-Uh. Missy?
-What now. Cyrus?
I just wanted to know
if you decided on a thesis for your essay.
My thesis is.
"Yeah. you wear the gosh-dang bra!"
Melissa. that's absurd.
Why would I wear it. huh?
Because it feels so good?
-What?
-Because it turns me on?
-Sure.
-Because my father wore one too?
Any of those reasons. Ugh!
Cyrus. I believe you about the bra.
I don't care if you believe me.
I want her to believe me.
No. Nick's my buddy boy.
-Boom shakalaka. baby!
-Yes! Holy shit!
Best game ever.
And what about when
that Knicks City Dancer's boob popped out?
Yeah. and she said it was okay to look
because we're both such handsome boys.
-Whoo!
-You're my best friend.
Nick. you're my best friend.
No. stop that stupid meowing!
Mr. Pink. what are you doing here?
Hey. man. I just think it's so fucked up
the way Other Andrew is treating you.
Holy shit. You can talk?
-Duh.
-Wow.
You know. that sneaky fucker bought
those Knicks tickets after you left.
-Wait. what?
-Yeah. There's no client.
He's just trying to box you out
and steal Nick.
I knew it. That slippery piece of shit.
Wait. but. Mr. Pink.
why are you telling me all this?
Because I fucking hate that kid.
You know he pisses in my kitty litter?
What? Wuh. Why?
Because he's a sick fuck!
The kid jacks off to car-crash videos.
Oh. that's disgusting.
Wait. Maury. should I be doing that?
-Nope. too far.
-Yeah. yeah. yeah.
I knew Rubenfeld was evil.
and I was not at all clouded by jealousy.
Well. I'm just glad
someone finally gets it.
-Now who wants to see my asshole?
-Me. me. me!
Oh my God. I hope it's dry.
-Dry? Why do you want it to be dry?
-What? You want it to be wet?
-I don't have a preference.
-Guys. guys. relax. It's dry.
-Yes!
-Ugh.
Go. New York! Go. New York. go!
Homecoming dance tickets!
I'm holding your foot.
and my arms are shaking.
This is. like. the total dream.
Okay. who's the lucky little slut
whose knob you're gonna slob? Ocean?
I can't do it with someone from the choir.
What if I'm no good
and they talk shit about me?
He's right. He'll humiliate himself.
Oh. I know. You could practice
on my zucchini with googly eyes.
I consent.
I don't know about that.
Rejected again.
Okay. you're right.
You should practice on a human penis.
Oh. just forget it. Maury.
Ho. ho. ho!
See. if you take the tissue out.
it's basically a fresh yogurt.
-Hold on.
-Maury. no.
-Just hear me out.
-Don't even say it.
-Let me say my thing.
-I know what you're going to say.
-What about Jay?
-Ugh.
-Blow Jay.
-That is a ridiculous idea.
-Is it. though?
-Yes!
-Jay is familiar.
-I mean. yes. but…
-He's sexy.
-Sure.
And most importantly.
you don't give a shit
what he thinks about you.
-Damn. Maury. You might be right.
-I am?
I can't believe I'm saying this.
but I think I should suck Jay's dick.
Wow. First the cat's asshole was dry.
how I love. and now this?
I can't believe this is my life!
I'm telling you. he bought those tickets
in a plot to exclude me.
-Andrew. that's ridiculous.
-Nick. he's evil.
-The kid pisses in kitty litter.
-What are you talking about?
-His cat told me.
-You sound crazy right now.
Do you wanna be my date
for the dance or not?
What? No. of course not.
-I'm going to the Knick game with Andrew.
-Evil Andrew.
-No. he's a nice guy.
-Ugh!
And there's no reason
we shouldn't all be friends.
He needs to talk to Mr. Pink.
Yes. yes. Nick. if you could just
get a quick coffee with this cat.
-Andrew!
-It's just coffee.
I'm not having coffee with a cat!
The day of the homecoming dance
had finally arrived.
and Missy's fear of missing out
had driven her to the dark heart of FOMO.
social media.
Decorating for the big dance.
Hashtag holding-that-foot life.
Garbage buffet with my basement buddies.
Sound on.
Outfit check for homecoming. LOL.
Not like I care. Crying-laughing emoji.
Ooh!
Get Jessi to invite you to the dance.
-Good idea.
-But don't sound desperate!
Hey. girl! Hey!
Whoa. Hey. Missy.
Stop wasting time.
Ask her about the dance.
So. um. what's the haps?
You… you going to the big shindig tonight?
You mean the dance?
Because I… I could dig some shins myself.
if you… if you catch my drift.
Invite us. bitch!
Oh God. Do I have to invite her now?
Oh. fuck that. She'll harsh the vibe
with your cool new friends.
Yeah. I'm basically flying solo…
into the abyss.
-Yeah.
-Profoundly alone.
Do you wanna come to the dance?
-No!
-Yes!
Thank you! Thank you! Thank you!
Don't go anywhere.
I'm gonna run to your house right now.
She's not actually gonna run all the way--
-Hi!
-Holy shit!
Let's do this! Let's boogie!
Oh my God.
Sorry about your wall.
Oh man. I wonder
what his penis tastes like.
Probably SpaghettiOs. I don't know why.
I just think SpaghettiOs.
Maury. shush.
Hey. Matthew. Wh… what are you doing here?
-Um…
-Tell him.
And go like this while you talk.
Actually. Jay…
…I would like to give you a… blow job.
Wait. what?! Is this a prank?
If I whip it out right now.
what are you gonna do.
like. stick a beehive on it.
like my brothers did that time?
No. it's not a prank.
He's hungry hungry for your hippo.
I'm not joking. Jay.
I really wanna suck your dick.
Holy sh…
Ah! This FOMO fuckin' sucks.
Nick and Evil Andrew are gonna
be having the time of their lives
at that Knick game.
and I'm gonna be stuck
going to the dance alone.
Maybe you'll get laid.
Really? Is that really
what you think is gonna happen?
No. I'm sorry. That was foolish
and maybe even a little bit mean to say.
Mr. Pink. you're back!
Look. man. you can't just sit
on your wet asshole
while that shitbag
steals your best friend.
-You gotta do something.
-But what can I do?
You could kill Rubenfeld. you know.
with poison. since you're a coward.
Or you could lock that bastard
in his fancy basement
so he can't even go to the Knicks game.
Oh. like that guy who had the women.
Okay. this is crazy.
I can't believe I'm doing this.
I know. I feel like I won the lottery.
and I didn't even buy a ticket.
I don't even know what I'm doing.
Maybe I should've practiced
on that zucchini guy.
-Who?
-Sorry. pal. I'm not in the mood anymore.
Shut up. The boy needs to focus.
I mean. what am I even worried about?
Who cares what Jay thinks?
Wait. what? You don't care what I think?
Oh. no. no. it's not that.
It's just. you know. you're just Jay.
"Just Jay"?
W… wait. wait. That's not what I meant.
Uh. it kind of is.
You still think
you're so much better than me.
No. I don't.
-This is just like when you dumped me.
-Jay. please.
You think you're some fancy swan
and I'm some mangy wolf.
Just calm down and let me suck your dick.
I can't believe I'm saying this.
but. Matthew. no. I do not want you
to put your beautiful mouth…
…around my penis.
What have you done?!
Oh.
Okay. here's the plan.
Every day after school.
Evil Andrew comes home
and washes his greasy face
with a special acne rinse.
Ugh. it stings. but it's worth it.
And of course. rich boy's gotta
take off his Armani Kids' eyeglasses.
Ugh! What the fuck?
And that's when you steal them
and head for the basement.
Mr. Pink. get back here!
While you sneak your juicy ass
in through the pet door.
Oh. so juicy.
Then he'll chase you
into the soundproof screening room.
Goddamn. you fucking cat.
Which doesn't get any cell reception.
And then I will come in.
and I will lock the door
behind that blind idiot.
Mr. Pink? You dick!
That's right. Rubenfeld.
You fuck with Glouberman.
I'll show you who you're fucking with.
Oh!
Now go to him. Andrew.
Go to your best friend.
-Uh. well. I… I can't.
-What?
It's sticking out a little.
-What are you talking about?
-If I move. it falls.
-Do you understand what I'm saying?
-You shit yourself?
Bingo. baby.
Oh man. I really blew it.
-Actually. uh. you didn't blow it.
-Okay.
Perfectly good dick.
and you didn't suck it.
-I was there. Maury.
-Very. very wasteful.
He's. like. ghosting me.
We're gonna miss the game.
-Ugh. Nick. I am so sorry.
-It's just so weird. right?
If he doesn't turn up in 24 hours.
we'll sweep the woods. We'll lock arms.
-The whole thing.
-I hope he's okay.
Shit. shit. shit!
Huh.
Hey. Nick.
Jessi! Missy!
What are you doing here?
It's very sad.
His new acquaintance might be dead.
Really? That's so cool. I mean. horrible.
Wow. I'm sorry. I haven't been around
humans my age in many a moon.
Wow. Jessi. look at that jacket.
It's vintage. Iraq war.
-Bad war.
-One of the worst ones.
Yeah. we lost
a lot of good servicemen and women.
And don't forget trust in our government.
It's kinda nice
having the old gang back together.
Right?I missed you guys.
Coach DJ School Nurse
Coach Steve Pendejo in the house.
Pew. pew. pew!
Coming up in the next hour.
a voicemail from my foot doctor.
But first. whatever this button does.
-Oh. Nick. do you hear that?
-Hey! It's our song.
-Let's dance.
-Whoa.
What up. Jess?
You wanna hit the bleachers?
Yeah! Let's get baked like beans.
I really wanna be high
for that foot-doctor voicemail.
Oh! Is this the guy?
I can hear your labia curling.
-Whoa. Okay. graphic.
-Sorry again.
Um. do you wanna maybe smoke with us?
It might help mellow you out.
Oh. Do drugs?
Do drugs on school property?
Are you out of your goddamn mind?
No. this is what we wanted.
to do debauchery with hot local teens.
-You'll get in trouble.
-It's too much too soon.
At least start with CBD.
Um. Missy? You in there?
Yeah. no. I'll "ketchup" with you later.
mustard mama.
-Okay.
-Like a hot dog. is… is the joke.
Oh shit. Now you're all alone!
Oh.
-Hey.
-What do you want?
Well. I'm actually here to apologize.
Bapologize?
I'm really sorry. Jay.
because I do care what you think of me.
-I care a lot.
-Beep going.
You're not a wolf. You're a person.
-A good person.
-I am?
And if I haven't ruined everything.
I really hope we can be friends?
-I don't know.
-I get it.
Can friends give each other blow jobs?
Yes. yes! Andy Cohen and Anderson Cooper
do it every New Year's Eve.
Um… yeah. Some do. I think.
Well. then. Matthew. my friend.
if you still want to.
you can suck my dick.
-Yes!
-Wow. Okay.
I guess we really are
far from the shallow now.
I do not get that reference.
L… let's get to the dick stuff.
Oh. this is just like that dance
way back in seventh grade
when we were young.
And I did that gooey kablooey in my pants.
Did I ever tell you
that that was the most I ever made?
Yes. Classic buddy-boy load talk.
Nothing can ruin this night. baby.
Motherfucker!
-Oh God. Uh…
-No one's talking to you.
-Stay strong. Don't listen to the bugs.
-They think you're weird.
-You never should've left home.
-You can do this.
I gotta get outta here.
-This was a terrible mistake.
-Run. Missy. Run!
Missy Foreman-Greenwald.
I noticed you haven't been at school.
and I've missed your competent
saxophone playing at jazz band.
Oh dear. Caleb's talking to us.
-For Christ's sake. Now why is that bad?
-I… I guess it's not.
It's actually kinda nice.
Oh. hi. Caleb. How's. um…
How's high school going?
-It is scary.
-I knew it!
-But there are also some good things.
Are there any essays about whether or not
your teacher wears a bra?
-Not to my knowledge.
-Huh. Love that.
Since this is a school dance.
would you like to dance with me?
Yes. Caleb. I think I would.
I find Caleb very soothing.
Yes. it's not quite the debauchery
I yearned for. but I'll take it.
All right.
The moment you've all been waiting for.
Steve. it's Dr. Villanueva.
I just wanna apologize again
for taking you
to that Dinner for Schmucks.
That was inappropriate.
Oh. also. you have foot cancer.
Bye-bye now.
All right!
Are you ready. my sweet. sweet Matthew?
Ready as I'll ever be.
I'm gonna get a mouthful of ma…
-Oh. Oh God. Already?
-Oh no!
So tingly and…
…wonderful!
Almost done.
-Oh.
-Almost.
-Oh my. Oh.
-Oh.
Oh dear. Okay.
Oh wow.
Oh God!
Oh. what? Oh. my quads!
Oh! Guh!
So… not bad?
Matthew… you're a really good friend.
Aftershock!
-Okay. Oh. Oh. Oh.
-Oh. thank you!
Well?
-You were right about Jay.
-Yes!
It was kinda nice sharing my first time
with someone I trust.
And your homo FOMO?
Maury. no mo'.
Yes! Go. New York! Go. New York. go!
Guys. now I'm worried
that Jay's never gonna stop cumming.
Oh. this seems like too much.
I can't believe I was gonna miss this.
You're my best friend.
Glouberman!
Rubenfeld.
Dork fight!
Jesus. Are you okay?
Wh… what happened to you?
This sleazy fuckin' prick
locked me in my fabulous screening room.
Andrew. what is he talking about?
I… I have no idea. I thought he was dead.
Sweetie. you had us worried sick.
Ho-ho. ho-ho. Don't you "sweetie" me.
You fucked me.
-No. I didn't--
-And I can prove it.
Nick. look at my Ring-cam footage.
-Oh shit.
-You fuck with Glouberman…
-Ring-cam.
-…I'll show you who you're fucking with.
Oh.
-Andrew. Ew.
-No.
Did you just. like. shit yourself?
He moved and it fell.
-So wait--
-No. Nick. you have to believe me.
-I didn't think I'd get caught.
-Hold on.
You were so jealous and petty.
you snuck into Andrew's house…
Evil Andrew's house.
…locked him in his basement.
and made us miss the Knicks game.
just so I'd come
to this stupid dance with you?
Jesus. Andrew.
Seriously. man.
I'm still cumming! Whoo!
I just… I didn't wanna lose
my little buddy boy.
You're. like. a bad friend. Andrew.
No. God. please don't say that.
Hey. man. you wanna go back to my house
and watch the second half of the game?
Yeah. Yes. I do.
Nick. Oh. Nick.
So. in the end.
Andrew's FOMO brought out
the very worst in his personality.
And while everyone else
had found their person.
an old friend to dance with.
to watch the big game with.
or just to suck off in the basement.
Glouberman was alone again…
…because he's a selfish little bastard
and a horrible friend.
Oh my God. The Shame Wizard.
It was him the whole time.
Yes. I saw everything.
And I'm wondering.
is it possible you're Evil Andrew?
Yeah. it's possible.
And you're getting
precisely what you deserve.
Oh.
Oy vavoy. Maybe we shouldn't have
listened to that cat.
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
Brutus Pink
Chirp.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm